So in this video we will be talking about our next class, which is my calculator.
So this will be help us to create a calculator interface which will calculating the different types
of operations over the numerics.
After that, what we did is let's move into this.
So it is defined inside the package and import or we have imported the abstract window toolkit.
Package for the better graphical user interface and Abstract Window Toolkit DOT Event package which
will help us to create.
What hand elements are the buttons?
Now what we are doing is we are creating a public class, my calculator which is extending the frame
after that we have defined public boolean set clear is equal to two.
So there will be a boolean type of variable set clear which is initialized as true.
After that, there are two double types of number number common value and there is a character type
of variable or p.
Now what we are doing is we are creating a string array for the Desert Button text.
So this is the array for the buttons which will be labeled as the desert.
So it is a7894561230 and plus minus and.
Full stop.
So these are the buttons and numeric buttons installed inside the designed button text string array.
After that, what we are doing is we are creating an operation button text area which is storing divide
as Q multiply modulus percentage minus one by x plus and it goes to these characters will be stored
inside the setting.
After that, MSI RMS and M Plus will be stored inside this memory button text array.
And the special button text area will be containing backspace C and C.
After that.
What we are doing is my dessert button.
My dessert button is equal to dessert button array and my dessert button will pass the dessert button
Scotland inside it.
So this will end after that.
What we are doing is my operation operator button and creating operator button list and pass that length
of the operator button list to that list that is operator button.
Similarly for the memory button, we have did the same thing and.
After that, my special button.
A special button list.
We are doing the same thing.
My special button and pass the index dot to it.
Then we have defined the display label label with the value zero and label dot.
Right?
So this will be a label for the zero.
And then there is a memo label as null and label dot set as equals to right.
Then we have defined some final values like frame with as close to 25 frames as close to 325 height
as equals to 30, which is equal to 30.
Height space ten.
Sorry.
Horizontal space ten.
And vertical space ten.
Then there's a top x 30 and top by 50.
So these values will not be changed as these all values are of type, final type.
Now what we are doing is my calculator inside the constructor for the my calculator is string frame
text.
We have passed the frame text.
That's the constructor for the class.
Then we have added it as super.
After that, what we are doing is temp access equals to top x and y is equal to top right.
So this is what we are doing.
So top y and it is top x.
Topics.
So this is what's happening here.
After that display label will set the bound for it with the help of type X and Y.
Set the background color for that label and foreground color for that label.
Add that to our frame.
After that mem label setting bound for the label.
This will set the bound and location for that, adding that to our frame.
After that, setting the coordinates for the memory buttons topics physical topics.
What we are doing is by is equals to top why plus to add strict.
This will create the calculate the by instance and for the memory button length.
We will be iterating over it and setting the memory button.
IE it goes to new memory button.
With these values we are parsed inside.
It impacts.
We will try and memory button textile.
We will set the foreground color for that memory button, and after that we will calculate the Y value
again.
After that, we will set an coordinates for the special button.
For the special button, we will be calculating temp X with this temp x and Y with these values.
And after that we will iterate over the spatial button length and set the spatial button positions with
the help of bypassing these values, which we have calculated just before the followup and set the foreground
color as red.
After that, we will calculate and change the values of the x variable.
By calculating with these operations.
After that, we will be setting coordinates for the digits but digit button.
So we'll be calculating first digit X with this operation and after that we will be calculating digit
by in this line.
Then we will be setting temp checks and temp temp X and Y to the desert X and visit Y.
After that, we will be iterating over the length of the desert button, and then we will set the Desert
Button positions by passing those calculated values into its argument.
Then we will set the foreground color as blue.
After that, we have calculated again the temp x value with the help of a.
With a space.
Then we have initialize the if condition, then if this condition will be true, then temp access goes
to visit x, otherwise there we will set.
The value of the y is close to height plus vertical space.
Then we have set the coordinates for the operator button.
So here we have defined the x value for the operator button and this is the y value.
And inside temp x and y, we have restored those instances.
After that we have iterated over the length of the operator button and temp x's was to edge width plus
edges are vertical space.
After that operator button, we have defined the operator button position with the help of bypassing
those values.
Into its argument and set the program color as led after that.
If this is if this statement will be true, we will be setting them accessible to ops x or y plus is
close to height plus vertical space.
Then we have added a window listener to that window adapter and define the window closing event method,
which is taking in the event window event as argument and we will select the system exit dot zero.
So set the layout as null, set the size as frame, width and frame height and set the visibility as
true.
After that, there is a static end to get formatted text which is taking the type of variable temp a
string testing equals to null plus start temp.
After that we have it checked for the condition.
If last index is because 2.0 is greater than zero, then rest x is equal to the circle substring zero
dot rest x or length minus two and there is a return that s text after that inside the void main method
we have.
Created the instance by passing them argument as calculator.
Then we have defined the middle class here, which is extending J brand and implementing action listener.
Its argument is a my calculator type of object c one and inside this constructor we are parsing text
and why int which insight and string gap and my calculator OCLC object headed it as gap.
Setting down for it.
And this document is going to slow it down when it goes to add on this and adding a listener to this.
After that, we have defined the string balloon type of method is in a string which is taking argument
as and for that loop we have defined a loop and set the start character as equals to catch and return
the true.
After that, we have defined action performed event for which we have first stored some values in the
temp text after the temp stack start as equals to dot.
So what we are doing is c one point set clear.
So this will be set text to display label and zero and a set clear as equals to false lc for the this
condition.
What we are doing is.
Subtext is also seven syllable text and adding the decimal add the last and returning the values returning
null.
After that, we have stored indexes of close to zero and indexes close to past end of the text.
The number format exception if any exception occurs.
And for this if condition we will be returning null.
And if the seven dot set clear, then will be.
Again doing the survey index, journal and index with the help of that index variable and set clear
goals to property falls in the block.
What we are doing is even display label, set text and display label target text and plus index.
After that there is a my operator button extending button implementing action listener class.
It is also taking an instance of.
Simon we have defined now my operator button X on my website and everything inside this class is also
similar and pretty similar like the previous one.
Because what we are doing is we are creating a my operating button.
This will fix the position for the buttons of operator type and the previous class in which we are doing.
We are setting the position for the types of button.
So it is more similar like the previous class that is operator button.
So similarly, we have set it everything for here.
After that, we have defined the action performed method for which this will be for the one by X button.
So we'll be set its position after that for the ask button, for the equal button.
And now inside the switch method in the chosen operation, if it is job is chosen plus then we will
do this operation.
If it is chosen minus, then we do this operation.
If for the multiplier, we will perform this for the modulus, we will perform this operation and for
the divide we will performing this operations after that seven dot label, we will set the label text
by the get formatted text m after that for the memory button we have defined the.
Class for the memory button.
Similarly, like the above two classes, we have defined action performed inside which if the.
Casey's goes to sea.
We will be clearing the text from the memory label.
Casey's equals to are we doing this operation after that?
If the SW then only showing value to 0.0 and if it is plus we will be performing these operations.
Now inside the my special button, we have defined the same things similarly in our above three classes.
Now inside the string backspace a string that is defined inside which we are doing these things.
After that inside the action performed method or yes, we have defined the string o.p to the my special
button not to get source get label and if object equals to backspace, what we are doing is we will
be clearing our back, spacing the desserts which we are there in our label seven dot display label
don't get text and time dot is close to nil.
Then what we are doing is set the text to zero and if not null or not backspace, then we will send
the text to the provided text.
After that text is going to see.
So we will be clearing all the values so that we are doing here.
And so the label is close to null at last.
What we are doing is displaying the set label as zero and set the clear property as true.
So this is all about the my calculator class which we have discussed.
And so this will help us to create an instance and better interface for the.